archive screen (#1440)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/archive.md

**Main steps** to reliably upload the data

 - [prepare your environment](#prepare-your-environment)
 - [bundle the data](#bundling)
 - [create local checksum](#local-checksum)
 - [upload data to remote storage](#uploading)
 - [verify checksums on a remote storage](#remote-checksum)
 - [delete files on cluster](#delete-files-on-cluster)

### 3.1. Prepare your environment

**Become the data-manager user**

```
sudo -u [group]-dm bash
```

**(optional) Start screen session**

If you expect that the data preparation or upload will take a long time, you should consider using a `screen`.

> It provides a way for your work to be available even if you lose a connection to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows you to re-attach to a session after you lost the connection to the cluster.
```
